{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\deff0\deflang1033{\fonttbl{\f0\froman\fprq2\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f1\fnil\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f2\froman\fcharset0 Times New Roman;}{\f3\fswiss\fcharset0 Arial;}}
{\colortbl ;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green0\blue0;}
{\*\generator Msftedit 5.41.15.1507;}\viewkind4\uc1\pard\f0\fs24\par
Dehumanization/universal inclusion link.\par
\par
Extending humanity as a universal concept for inclusion fails to rupture exclusion because it ontologically requires the ability to render certain subjects inhuman to sustain itself. This inevitably makes the very objectification they indict inevitable.\par
\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris, \ul\b 93\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Symbolic Exchange and Death\ulnone  Pg.____ (Giglio)\par
\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f1 As soon as savages began to call 'men' only those who were members of their tribe, \ul\b the definition of the 'Human' \ulnone\b0 was considerably enlarged: it\ul\b  became a universal concept\ulnone\b0 . This is precisely what we call culture. Today all men are men. \ul\b Universality is in fact based exclusively on \ulnone\b0 tautology and \ul\b doubling, and this is where the 'Human' takes on the force of a\ulnone\b0  moral law and a \ul\b principle of exclusion\ulnone\b0 . This is \ul\b because the 'Human' is from the outset the institution of its structural double, the 'Inhuman\ulnone '\b0 . This is all it is: \ul\b the progress of Humanity and Culture are simply the chain of discriminations with which to brand 'Others' with inhumanity, and therefore with nullity\ulnone\b0 . For the savages who call themselves 'men', the others are something else. For us, by contrast, under the sign of the Human as a universal concept, \ul\b others are nothing\ulnone\b0 . In other cases, to be 'man' is, like being a gentleman, a challenge, a distinction experienced as a great struggle, not merely giving rise to an exchange of \i\f2 quality\i0  or status amongst different beings (gods, ancestors, foreigners, animals, nature . . .), but \i imposing\i0  its stakes universally, being praised and prohibited. \ul\b We are happy to be promoted to the universal, to an abstract and generic value indexed on the equivalence of the species, to the exclusion of all the others\ulnone\b0 . In some sense, therefore, the definition of the Human inexorably contracts in accordance with cultural developments: \ul\b each 'objective' progressive step towards the universal corresponded to an ever stricter discrimination\ulnone\b0 , \ul\b until\ulnone\b0  eventually we can glimpse the time of man's \ul\b definitive universality \ulnone\b0 that\ul\b  will coincide with the excommunication of all men \emdash  the purity of the concept alone radiant in the void\ulnone\b0 .\par
\f1 Racism is modern. Previous races or cultures were ignored or eliminated, but never under the sign of a universal Reason. There is no criterion of man, no split from the Inhuman, there are only differences with which to oppose death. But \ul\b it is our undifferentiated concept of man that gives rise to discrimination. \ulnone\b0 We must read the following narrative by Jean de L\'e9ry, from the sixteenth century: \i Histoire d'un voyage en la terre de Br\'e9sil\i0  ('The History of a Journey to the Land of Brazil') to see that \ul\b racism did not exist in this period when the Idea of Man does not yet cast its shadow over all the metaphysical purity of Western culture\ulnone\b0 . This Reformation puritan from Geneva, landing amongst Brazilian cannibals, is not racist. It is due to the extent of our progress that we have since become racists, and not only towards Indians and cannibals: the increasing hold of rationality on our culture has meant \ul\b the successive extradition of inanimate nature, animals and inferior races {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_126_Popup_1.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\super 1}}}\cf0\nosupersub\f1\fs24  into the Inhuman, \ulnone\b0 while \ul\b the cancer of the Human has invested the very society it claimed to contain within its absolute superiority. \ulnone\b0 Michel Foucault has analysed the extradition of madmen at the dawn of Western modernity, but we also know of the extradition and progressive confinement of children, following the course of Reason itself, into the idealised state of infancy, the ghetto of the infantile universe and the abjection of innocence. But the old have also become inhuman, pushed to the fringes of normality. Like so many others, the mad, children \f2 and the old have only become 'categories' under the sign of the successive segregations that have marked the development of culture. The poor, the under-developed, those with subnormal IQs, perverts, transsexuals, intellectuals and women form a folklore of terror, a folklore of excommunication on the basis of an increasingly racist definition of the 'normal human'. \ul\b Quintessence of normality: ultimately all these 'categories' will be excluded, segregated, exiled in a finally universal society, where the normal and the universal will at last fuse under the sign of the Human.\par
\ulnone\b0\par
Death Link\par
Exclusion of death from our normal interaction with politics is the ultimate biopolitical determination - the destruction of its overt significance has resulted in its displacement into ever more insidious mechanisms of functioning. This sets the foundational model for every form of exclusion.\par
\pard\f0 Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris, \ul\b 93\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Symbolic Exchange and Death\ulnone  Pg.____ (Giglio)\f2\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f1 Foucault's analysis, amongst the masterpieces of this genuine cultural history, takes the form of a genealogy of discrimination in which, at the start of the nineteenth century, labour and production occupy a decisive place. \ul\b At the very core of \ulnone\b0 the 'rationality' of \ul\b our culture\ulnone\b0 , however, \ul\b is an exclusion that precedes every other\ulnone\b0 , more radical than the exclusion of madmen, children or inferior races, an exclusion preceding all these \ul\b and serving as their model: the exclusion of the dead and of death\ulnone\b0 .\f2  \f1 There is an irreversible evolution from savage societies to our own: little by little,\ul\b  \i the dead cease to exist\ulnone\b0\i0 . They are \ul\b thrown out of the group's symbolic circulation\ulnone\b0 . They are \ul\b no longer beings with a full role to play\ulnone\b0 , worthy partners in exchange, and we make this obvious \ul\b by exiling them further and further away from the group of the living\ulnone\b0 . In the domestic intimacy of the cemetery, the first grouping remains in the heart of the village or town, becoming the first ghetto, prefiguring every future ghetto, but are thrown further and further from the centre towards the periphery, finally having nowhere to go at all, as in the new town or the contemporary metropolis, where there are no longer any provisions for the dead, either in mental or in physical space. Even madmen, delinquents and misfits can find a welcome in the new towns, that is, in the rationality of a modern society. Only the death-function cannot be programmed and localised. Strictly speaking\f2 , \ul\b we no longer know what to do with them, since, today, \i it is not normal to be dead\i0 , and this is new\ulnone\b0 . \ul\b To be dead is an unthinkable anomaly\ulnone\b0 ; nothing else is as offensive as this. Death is \ul\b a delinquency, and an incurable deviancy\ulnone\b0 . The dead are no longer inflicted on any place or space-time, they can find no resting place; they are thrown into a radical utopia. \ul\b They are no longer even packed in and shut up, but obliterated\ulnone\b0 .\ul\b\f1 But we know what these hidden places signify: the factory no longer exists because labour is everywhere\ulnone\b0 ; the prison no longer exists because arrests and confinements pervade social space-time; the asylum no longer exists because psychological control and therapy have been generalised and become banal; the school no longer exists because every strand of social progress is shot through with discipline and pedagogical training; capital no longer exists (nor does its Marxist critique) because the law of value has collapsed into self-managed survival in all its forms, etc., etc. \ul\b The cemetery no longer exists because modern cities have entirely taken over their function: they are ghost towns, cities of death\ulnone\b0 . If the great operational metropolis is the final form of an entire culture, then, quite simply, \ul\b ours is a culture of death\ulnone\b0 . {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_127_Popup_1.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul\super\b 3}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\b0\f3\fs20\par
\par
\f0\fs24 And their simulation of death only defines life antithetically in relation to such - as such living is only prolonged death destroying the value to life.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris, \ul\b 93\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Symbolic Exchange and Death\ulnone  Pg.____ (Giglio)\par
\f1 It is correct to say that \ul\b the dead, hounded and separated from the living, condemn us to an \i equivalent death\i0 : \ulnone\b0 for the fundamental law of symbolic obligation is at play in any case, for better or worse. Madness, then, is only ever the \i dividing\i0  line between the mad and the normal, a line which normality \i shares\i0  with madness and which is even defined by it. Every society that internalises its mad is a society invested in its depths by madness, which alone and everywhere ends up being symbolically exchanged under the legal signs of normality. Madness has for several centuries worked hard on the society which confines it, and today the asylum walls have been removed, not because of some miraculous tolerance, but because madness has \i completed\i0  its normalising labour on society: madness has become pervasive\f2 , while at the same time it is forbidden a resting place. The asylum has been reabsorbed into the core of the social field, because normality has reached the point of perfection and assumed the characteristics of the asylum, because the virus of confinement has worked its way into every fibre of 'normal' existence. \f1 So it is with death. \ul\b Death is ultimately nothing more than the social line of demarcation separating the 'dead' from the 'living': therefore, it affects both equally.\ulnone\b0  \ul\b Against the \ulnone\b0 senseless \ul\b illusion of the living of willing the living to the exclusion of the dead, against the illusion that reduces life to \i an absolute surplus-value\i0  by subtracting death from it, the indestructible logic of symbolic exchange re-establishes the equivalence of life and death in the indifferent fatality of survival.\ulnone\b0  In survival, \ul\b death is repressed; life itself, in accordance with that well known ebbing away, would be nothing more than a survival determined by death.\ulnone\b0\f2\par
\par
Their cordoning off of death necessitates the biopolitical manipulation of life to sustain their distance.\par
\f0 Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris, \ul\b 93\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Symbolic Exchange and Death\ulnone  Pg.____ (Giglio)\f2\par
\f1 The emergence of \ul\b survival can \ulnone\b0 therefore \ul\b be analysed as the fundamental operation in the birth of power. \ulnone\b0 Not only because this set-up will permit the necessity of the sacrifice of this life and the threat of recompense in the\f2  \f1 next (this is exactly the priest-caste's strategy), but more profoundly \ul\b by instituting the \i prohibition of death\i0  \ulnone\b0 and, at the same time, the agency that oversees this prohibition of death: power. \ul\b Shattering the union of the living and the dead, and slapping a prohibition on death and the dead: the primary source of social control\ulnone\b0 . Power is possible only if death is no longer free, only if \ul\b the dead are put under surveillance, in anticipation of the future confinement of life in its entirety\ulnone\b0 . This is the fundamental Law, and power is the guardian at the gates of this Law. It is not the repression of unconscious pulsions, libido, or whatever other energy that is fundamental, and it is not anthropological; it is the repression of death, \ul\b the social repression of death \ulnone\b0 in the sense that this is what \ul\b facilitates the shift towards the repressive socialisation of life. \ulnone\b0 Historically, we know that sacerdotal power is based on a monopoly over death and exclusive control over relations with the dead. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_130_Popup_1.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul\super\b 4}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\b0\f1\fs24  The dead are the first restricted area, the exchange of whom is restored by an obligatory mediation by the priests. \ul\b Power \ulnone\b0 is established on death's borders. It \ul\b will subsequently be sustained by further separations \ulnone\b0 (the soul and the body, the male and the female, good and evil, etc.) that have infinite ramifications, but the principal separation is between life and death.{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_130_Popup_2.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul\super\b 5}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\b0\f1\fs24  When the French say that \ul\b power 'holds the bar'\ulnone\b0 ,{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_130_Popup_3.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul\super\b 6}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\b0\f1\fs24  it is no metaphor: it is the bar\ul\b  between life and death, the decree that suspends exchange between life and death\ulnone\b0 , the tollgate and border control between the two banks.\f2\par
\par
Cartesian Dualism Link\par
The management of death necessitates the alienation of the subject from their life and body mediating an ethical relation to life, and forming the foundation for EVERY FORM of control.\par
\f0 Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris, \ul\b 93\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Symbolic Exchange and Death\ulnone  Pg.____ (Giglio)\f2\par
\f1 This is precisely the way in which \ul\b power will \ulnone\b0 later be \ul\b instituted between the subject separated from its body, between the individual separated from its social body, between man separated from his labour: the agency of mediation\ulnone\b0  and representation \ul\b flourishes in this rupture\ulnone\b0 . We must take note, however, that \ul\b the archetype of this operation is the separation between a group and its dead, or between each of us today and our own deaths\ulnone\b0 .\ul\b  Every form of power will have something of this smell about it, because it is on the manipulation and administration of death that power, \ulnone\b0 in the final analysis, is based. \ul\b All \ulnone\b0 the \ul\b agencies of repression and control are installed in this divided space\ulnone\b0 , in the suspense between a life and its proper end, that is, in the production of a literally fantastic and artificial temporality (since at every instant every life has its proper death there already, that is to say, in this same instant lies the finality it attains). The first abstract social time is installed in this rupture of the indivisible unity of life and death (well before abstract social labour time!). \ul\b All \ulnone\b0 the future \ul\b forms of alienation\ulnone\b0  that Marx denounces, the separations and abstractions of political economy,\ul\b  take root in this separation of death\ulnone\b0 .\f2\par
The affirmative's seperation of life and death necessitates their mutual constitution - Life as concieved of by the 1ac is haunted by an ever present negativity of death nullifying its value. Death is only possible as a metaphysical event insofar as we concieve of ourselves as alive.\par
\f0 Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris, \ul\b 93\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Symbolic Exchange and Death\ulnone  Pg.____ (Giglio)\f2\par
\f1 The initiatory act is the reverse of our reality principle. It shows that the \i reality\i0  of birth derives solely from the separation of life and death. Even\ul\b  the \i reality\i0  of life itself derives solely from the disjunction of life and death\ulnone\b0 . The \i effect of the real\i0  is only ever therefore the structural effect of the disjunction between two terms, and our famous reality principle, with its normative and repressive implications, is only a generalisation of this disjunctive code to all levels. The reality of nature, its 'objectivity' and its 'materiality', derives solely from the separation of man and nature, of a body and a non-body, as Octavio Paz put it. \ul\b Even the reality of the body, its material status, derives from the disjunction of a spiritual principle, from discriminating a soul from a body\ulnone\b0\f2 . \f1 The symbolic is what puts an end to this disjunctive code and to separated terms. \i It is the u-topia that puts an end to the topologies of the soul and the body, man and nature, the real and the non-real, birth and death\i0 . In the symbolic operation, the two terms lose their reality. {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_133_Popup_1.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul\super\b 8}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\b0\f2\fs24  \f1 The reality principle is never anything other than the \i imaginary\i0  of the other term. In the man/nature partition, nature (objective, material) is only the imaginary of man thus conceptualised. In the sexual bipartition masculine/feminine, an arbitrary and structural distinction on which the sexual reality (and repression) principle is based, 'woman' thus defined is only ever man's imaginary. Each term of the \ul\b disjunction excludes the other, which eventually becomes its imaginary\ulnone\b0 . \ul\b So it is with life and death \ulnone\b0 in our current system: \ul\b the price we pay for the 'reality' of this life, to live it as a positive value, is the ever-present phantasm of death\ulnone\b0 . For us, defined as living beings, \ul\b death is our imaginary\ulnone\b0 .{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "JavaScript:doPopup('EndNote','Page_133_Popup_2.html','width=480,height=384,resizable=yes,scrollbars=yes')"}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul\super\b 9}}}\cf0\ulnone\nosupersub\b0\f1\fs24  So, all the disjunctions on which the different structures of the real are based (this is not in the least abstract: it is also what separates the teacher from the taught, and on which the reality principle of their relation is based; the same goes for all the social relations we know) have their archetype in the fundamental disjunction of life and death. This is why,\ul\b  in whatever field of 'reality', every separate term for which the other is its imaginary is haunted by the latter as \i its own death\ulnone\b0\i0 .\f2\par
\f3\fs20\par
\par
\pard\f0\fs24\par
Catastrophe management Kritik:\par
\par
The affirmative's fixation on anticipating and controlling future scenarios for disaster is symptomatic of an implicit death drive - it renders us psychologically comfortable with our death and instills a perverse desire to bring it upon ourselves.\par
\par
\ul\b\i Fisher\ulnone\b0\i0 , Economist and Associate Policy Director @ FRB of Atlanta, \ul\b\i 2000\ulnone\b0\i0  (Mark, Flatline Constructs: Gothic Materialism and Cybernetic Theory-Fiction, http://www.cinestatic.com/trans-mat/Fisher/FC2s11.htm)giglio\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\f2 In both The Atrocity Exhibition and the subsequent Crash - in many ways an extrapolation of a particular obsession from the previous book (the fusion of erotics and carcrashes) - Ballard describes a generalized traumatics, in which power and catastrophe simulate each other, becoming indistinguishable. \ul\b Catastrophes and their re-enactment circulate endlessly \ulnone\b0 in Ballard's chaosmos, not necessarily only as mechanical repetition of what has already happened, but also \ul\b as cybernetically anticipative simulations\ulnone\b0 . The implication is that, \ul\b by being projected in advance, any future possibility\ulnone\b0 , no matter how horrific, \ul\b can, in some sense, be "managed" \ulnone\b0 . \par
Faced with the apparently senseless spectacle of the protracted conflict in Vietnam - "All political and military explanations fail to provide a rationale for the war's extended duration" - Ballard seeks out its sources in a mediatized unconscious \ldblquote fixated to trauma.\rdblquote  Like \ul\b Freud, impelled to postulate the death drive in part by his observation of the behaviour of First World War shellshock victims as they obsessively re-enacted their trauma\ulnone\b0 , Ballard discovers in mediatized culture an obsessive "compulsion to repeat." \ul\b Repetition both serves to alleviate trauma and to perpetuate it\ulnone\b0 , wrecking any simple teleology: in the paradoxical logic Freud delineates in Beyond the Pleasure Principle, \ul\b the organism preserves itself precisely by becoming-inorganic, and \ldblquote life\rdblquote  is only a detour on the way to death\ulnone\b0 . \ul\b This emerges for Ballard at the level of deleometric catastrophe management systems in the form of perverse explanations for the war, \ulnone\b0 irrationales: "'In terms of television and the news magazines the war in \ul\b Vietnam\ulnone\b0  has a latent significance very different from its manifest content. Far from repelling us, it\ul\b  appeals to us by virtue of its complex of polyperverse acts\ulnone\b0 ." (AE 87) Media - as the ambivalently functioning additions to the human perceptual system described by Freud and McLuhan - have a crucial role to play in this economy: (an)aestheticization,\ul\b  the translation of trauma into repeated images which, no matter how horrific they initially appear, soon become banal\ulnone\b0 , in part by dint of repetition itself. \par
\pard "Freud characterizes trauma as an 'invasion', a breach in an otherwise efficacious barrier against stimuli,' infiltrating alien desires - xenopulsions - into the organism."{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\l "_ftn1""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul [195]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f2\fs24  But rather than damping down xenopulsive excitation, Ballard's cybernetic systems seem to hunt out and obsessively pore over trauma. Initially, according to Anti-Oedipus, \ul\b an "anus-vampire\ulnone\b0 " (AO 228), capitalism\ul\b  is\ulnone\b0 , by the time of The Atrocity Exhibition, also\ul\b  a ghoul: mediatizing the feedback process of its own reproduction in endlessly reiterating loops of mass production and consumption of death\ulnone\b0 . Deleometrics is the key science of Ballard's \ul\b catastrophe management \ulnone\b0 - \ul\b the urge not now to banish death\ulnone\b0 , nor to suicidally embrace it (as according to Deleuze-Guattari, fascism had{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "\\\\l "_ftn2""}}{\fldrslt{\cf1\ul [196]}}}\cf0\ulnone\f2\fs24 ) \ul\b but to quantify it, to "optimize" it\ulnone\b0 . What Baudrillard calls the generalization of the Accident leads to what he characterizes as a \ldblquote hyperfunctionalism\rdblquote  which moves beyond both teleology and transgression. If the accident has become the rule, then there is no law to transgress, just as there is no goal to head towards.\par
\par
\par
The inevitable outcome of this framing of death is the artificial production of disaster to feed our own sick addiction.\par
\f3\fs20\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\ul\b\i\f2\fs24 Vukovic\ulnone\b0\i0 , Curator for the Student cultural center @ School of missing studies, \ul\b\i 99\ulnone\b0\i0  (Stevan, \cf2\f0 The Libidinal Economy of a 'Non-Existent War' in a 'Non-Existent Country' - Nostalgia for the End, "Stirring Streaming Dreaming" symposium)giglio\cf0\f2\par
According to Baudrillard's theory on \ul\b "catastrophe \ulnone\b0 management," this impossibility for Eastern Europe to integrate into the symbolic structure of the West, due to the outburst of uncontrollable enjoyment,\ul\b  is actually produced by the West itself, in order to be the source of \ldblquote fuel essential to the moral and sentimental equilibrium of the West\ulnone\b0 .\rdblquote\super\fs18 20\nosupersub\fs24  In the contemporary stage of capitalism, not only books, sport shoes and clothes for the West are being produced by the Western companies somewhere in the Third World, or in Eastern Europe - catastrophes are produced there as well. \ul\b\ldblquote Just as the economic crisis of the West will not be complete as long as it can still exploit the resources of the rest of the world, so the symbolic crisis will be complete only when it is no longer able to feed on the other half's human and natural catastrophes (\ulnone\b0 Eastern Europe, \ul\b the Gulf, the Kurds\ulnone\b0 , Bangladesh, etc.),\rdblquote\super\fs18 21\nosupersub\fs24  writes Baudrillard, describing the way\ul\b  the New Sentimental Order, as merely the last form of the New World Order, introduces new forms of exploitation\ulnone\b0 . Material exploitation, as old-fashioned and already out-of-date type of exploitation, \ldblquote is only there to extract that spiritual raw material that is\ul\b  the misery of the peoples\ulnone\b0 , which \ul\b serves as psychological nourishment for the rich countries and media nourishment for our daily lives.\rdblquote\ulnone\super\b0\fs18 22\nosupersub\fs24  \par
\pard\ul\b Catastrophe management \ulnone\b0 is the management of the Real, the post-symbolical Real that can be encountered only in the form of a catastrophe. Psychotic foreclosure and sliding into the Real \ul\b brings the subject into proximity too high to leave space for the representation of the Real\ulnone\b0 , without distance from jouissance that would make desire possible, turning it from the desiring object into the object of desire. As Ellie Ragland writes, \ldblquote the ego collapses into its own metonymic shadow and becomes the real object, the object a cause-of-desire,\rdblquote\super\fs18 23\nosupersub\fs24  \ul\b which\ulnone\b0  \ul\b functions as a drug\ulnone\b0 , as an aphrodisiac \ul\b that puts desire into motion \ulnone\b0 and a hallucinogen that, by the addition of an object, provides a vision of a subject supplied with "something more in oneself than oneself." \par
\par
Instead of endlessly prolonging catastrophe, imagining the inevitability of catastrophe as a starting point for discourse is critical to escape the ever present shadow the threat of catastrophe casts over life.\par
\f0 Slavoj \ul\b Zizek\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology at the Institute for Sociology, Ljubljana University, \ul\b 03\ulnone\b0 , The Puppet and the Dwarf: The Perverse Core of Christianity, p. 164-65\par
\pard\ri288\ul\b One should\ulnone  \b0 thus \ul\b invert the existentialist commonplace according to which, when we are engaged in a present historical process, we perceive it as full of possibilities, and ourselves as agents free to choose among them; while, to a retrospective view, the same pro\-cess appears as fully determined and necessary, with no room for alternatives\ulnone : \ul on the contrary, it is the engaged agents who perceive themselves as caught in a Destiny, merely reacting to it, while, retrospectively\ulnone\b0 , from the standpoint of later observation, \ul\b we can dis\-cern alternatives in the past\ulnone\b0 , possibilities of events taking a different path. (And is not the attitude of Predestination\emdash the fact that the theology of predestination legitimized the frantic activity of capital\-ism\emdash the ultimate confirmation of this paradox?) \ul\b This is how\ulnone  \b0 Dupuy suggests that \ul\b we should confront the catastrophe\ulnone\b0 : we should \ul\b first perceive it as our fate\ulnone\b0 , as unavoidable, \ul\b and then, projecting our\-selves into it, adopting its standpoint, we should retroactively insert into its past (the past of the future) counterfactual possibilities (\ldblquote If we had done such and such a thing\b0 ,\ulnone  the catastrophe we are in now would not have happened!\rdblquote )\b  \ul upon which we then act today\b0 .\ulnone  And is not a supreme case of the reversal of positive into negative destiny the shift from classical historical materialism into the attitude of Adorno\rquote s and Horkheimer\rquote s \ldblquote dialectic of Enlightenment\rdblquote ? While traditional Marxism enjoined us to engage ourselves and act in order to bring about the necessity (of Communism), Adorno and Horkheimer projected themselves into the final catastrophic out\-come perceived as fixed (the advent of the \ldblquote administered society\rdblquote  of total manipulation and the end of subjectivity) in order to urge us to act against this outcome in our present. \ul\b Such\b0  \b a strategy is the very opposite of the US attitude in the \ldblquote war on terror,\rdblquote  that of avoiding the threat by striking preemptively at potential enemies\ulnone .\b0  In Spielberg\rquote s Minority Report, criminals are arrested even before they commit their crime, since three humans who, through monstrous scientific experiments, have acquired the capac\-ity to foresee the future, can exactly predict their acts\emdash is there not a clear parallel with the new Cheney doctrine, which proclaims the policy of attacking a state or an enemy force even before this state de\-velops the means to pose a threat to the United States, that is, already at the point when it might develop into such a threat?24 And, to pur\-sue the analogy even further, was not Gerhard Schroeder\rquote s disagree\-ment with US plans for a preemptive attack on Iraq precisely a kind of real-life \ldblquote minority report,\rdblquote  indicating his disagreement with the way others saw the future? \ul\b The state in which we live now, in the war on terror,\rdblquote  is one of the endlessly suspended terrorist threat: the Catastrophe\ulnone  \b0 (the new terrorist attack) \ul\b is taken for granted, yet endlessly postponed. Whatever actually happens\ulnone\b0 , even if it is a much more horrific attack than that of 9/11, \ul\b will not yet be \ldblquote that.\rdblquote\ulnone  \b0 And it is crucial here that we accomplish the \ldblquote transcendental\rdblquote  turn:\b  \ul the true catastrophe already is this life under the shadow of the permanent threat of catastrophe.\b0\par
\pard\ulnone\f2\par
\par
Our criticism does not reject the prospect of catastrophe management but rather demands a critical re-orientation of our understanding of such. Rather than rely upon the affirmative's imagined ability to adequately predict and prevent ever looming disasters we should act as if such scenarios are an inevitable, rupturing the affirmative's cyclical reproduction of catastrophe.\par
Slavoj \ul\b Zizek\ulnone\b0 , Senior Researcher @ University of Ljubjana, \ul\b 03\ulnone\b0 , The Puppet and the Dwarf: The Perverse Core of Christianity, p. 160-63\par
What such experiences show is the limitation of the ordinary \ldblquote historical\rdblquote  notion of time: at each moment in time, there are mul\-tiple possibilities waiting to be realized; once one of them actualizes itself, others are cancelled. The supreme case of such an agent of his\-torical time is the Leibnizian God who created the best possible world: before creation, He had in His mind the entire panoply of possible worlds, and His decision consisted in choosing the best one among these options. Here, possibility precedes choice: the choice is a choice among possibilities. What is unthinkable within this hori\-zon of linear historical evolution is the notion of a choice/act that retroactively opens up its own possibility: the idea that the emer\-gence of a radically New retroactively changes the past\emdash not the ac\-tual past, of course (we are not in the realms of science fiction), but past possibilities, or, to put it in more formal terms, the value of modal propositions about the past\emdash exactly what happens in the case described by Bergson.2\rquote  Dupuy\rquote s point is that, \ul\b if we are to confront the threat of a\ulnone  \b0 (cosmic or environmental) \ul\b catastrophe properly, we need to break out of this \ldblquote historical\rdblquote  notion of temporality\ulnone\b0 : we have to introduce a new no\-tion of time. Dupuy calls this time the \ldblquote time of a project,\rdblquote  of a closed circuit between past and future: the future is causally produced by our acts in the past, while the way we act is determined by our anticipation of the future, and our reaction to this anticipation. This cir\-cuit, of course, generates the host of well-known paradoxes of self-realizing prophecy:\ul\b  if we expect X to happen, and act accordingly, X will in fact happen\ulnone\b0 . More interesting are the negative versions: \ul\b if we expect/predict\ulnone  \b0 X (\ul\b a catastrophe), and act against it, to prevent it, the outcome will be the same whether or not the catastrophe actu\-ally happens. If it happens, our preventive acts will be dismissed as irrelevant\ulnone  \b0 (\ldblquote you can\rquote t fight destiny\rdblquote ); \ul\b if it doesn\rquote t, it will be the same\ulnone\b0\emdash  that is, since the catastrophe (in which we did not believe, despite our knowledge) was perceived as impossible, our preventive acts will again be dismissed as irrelevant (recall the aftermath of the Millennium Bug!). \ul\b Is this second option, then, the only choice to take as a rational strategy? We envisage a catastrophe, then act to pre\-vent it, in the hope that the very success of our preventive acts will render the prospect that prompted us to act ridiculous and irrele\-vant\ulnone\b0\emdash one should heroically assume the role of excessive panic-monger in order to save humanity... . However, the circle is not completely closed: back in the 1970s, Bernard Brodie pointed the way out of this deadlock of the closed circle apropos of the strategy of MAD (mutually assured destruction) in the Cold War: It is a strange paradox of our time that one of the crucial factors which make the [nuclear] dissuasion effectively function, and func\-tion so well, is the underlying fear that, in a really serious crisis, it can fail. In such circumstances, one does not ploy with fate. If we were ab\-solutely certain that the nuclear dissuasion is one hundred per cent efficient in its role of protecting us against a nuclear assault, then its dissuasive value against a conventional war would have dropped to close to zero.22 The paradox here is a very precise one: the MAD strategy works not because it is perfect, but because of its very imperfection. That is to say, a perfect strategy (if one side nukes the other, the other will au\-tomatically respond, and both sides will thus be destroyed) has a fa\-tal flaw: what if the attacking side counts on the fact that, even after its first strike, the opponent will continue to act as a rational agent? His choice is now: with his country mostly destroyed, he can either strike back, thus causing total catastrophe, the end of humanity, or not strike back, thus enabling the survival of humanity and, thereby, at least the possibility of a later revival of his own country A rational agent would choose the second option. What makes the strategy efficient is the very fact that we can never be sure that it will work perfectly: what if a situation spirals out of control, for a variety of easily imaginable reasons (from the \ldblquote irra\-tional\rdblquote  aggressivity of one side to simple technological failures or miscommunications)? It is because of this permanent threat that neither side wants to come anywhere near the prospect of MAD, so they ovoid even conventional war: if the strategy were perfect, it would, on the contrary, endorse the attitude \ldblquote Let\rquote s fight a full-scale conven\-tional war, since we both know that neither side will risk the fateful step toward a nuclear strike!\rdblquote  So the actual constellation of MAD is not \ldblquote If we follow the MAD strategy, the nuclear catastrophe will not take place,\rdblquote  but: \ldblquote If we follow the MAD strategy, the nuclear catas\-trophe will not take place, unless there is some unforeseeable accident.\rdblquote  And the same goes today for the prospect of ecological catastrophe: if we do nothing, it will happen, and if we do everything we can, it will not happen, unless there is some unforeseeable accident. This \ldblquote unforeseeable factor e\rdblquote  is precisely the remainder of the Real that disturbs the per\-fect self-closure of the \ldblquote time of the project\rdblquote\emdash if we write this time as a circle, it is a cut that prevents the full closure of the circle (ex\-actly as Lacan writes l\rquote objet petit a). What confirms this paradoxical status of e is that, in it, possibility and impossibility, positive and negative, coincide: it renders the strategy of prevention effective precisely insofar as it hinders its full efficiency. So it is crucial not to perceive this \ldblquote catastrophist strategy\rdblquote  in the old terms of linear historical causality: the reason this strategy works is not that, today, we are faced with multiple future possibilities and, within this multitude, we choose the option to act to prevent a ca\-tastrophe. \ul\b Since the catastrophe cannot be \ldblquote domesticated\rdblquote  as just another possibility, the only option is to posit it as real: \ldblquote one has to inscribe the catastrophe into the future in a much more radical way. One has to render it unavoidable\ulnone\b0 .\rdblquote 23 Here \ul\b we should introduce the notion of minimal \ldblquote alienation\rdblquote  constitutive of the symbolic order and of the social field as such: al\-though I know\ulnone  \b0 very well \ul\b that my future fate, and that of the society in which I live, depends causally on the present activity of millions of individuals like me\ulnone\b0 , I nonetheless believe in destiny, that is, \ul\b I be\-lieve that the future is run by an anonymous power independent of the will \ulnone\b0 and acts \ul\b of any individual. \ldblquote Alienation\rdblquote  consists in the min\-imal \ldblquote objectivization\rdblquote  on account of which I abstract from my active role, and perceive historical process as an \ldblquote objective\rdblquote  process that follows its path independently of my plans. \ulnone\b0 (On a different level, the same goes for the individual agent in the market: while he is fully aware that the price of a product on the market depends (also) on his acts, his selling and buying, he nonetheless keeps the price of a \par
prod\-uct there fixed, perceiving it as a given quantity to which he then re\-acts.) The point, of course, is that \ul\b these two levels intersect: in the present, I do not act blindly; I react to the prospect of what the fu\-ture will be\b0 .\par
\par
\par
\ulnone Natural disaster management is dependent upon the projection of our fantasies of an orderly and stable nature onto its reality. The affirmative's attempt to enact our simulations of disaster prevention result in the eradication of unpredicted, disorderly elements.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\f0\par
\par
This technological relation to nature objectifies it to the point of nothingness and accelerates its destruction in the name of producing a perfected, 'real' nature.\par
\par
\f2 Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\par
Simulations of disease as a threat results in a moral war on difference.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\par
Framework - Attempting to understand the reality of nature within academic debate has far-reacing sociological implications necessitating debate as a space for criticism.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\par
AT: Perm - even if they re-evaluate their relationship to nature, the impulse to preventing environmental disaster destroys the efficacy of that re-evaluation.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\par
Alt - rather than engage in the affirmative's attempt to manage environmental catastrophe we should abandon any static conception of nature in favor of an ambiguous live and let live relationship.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\par
Calc thought Link - Distances us from nature by externalizing nature's importance exclusively in terms of its political and economic benefits.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
Bio-piracy Advantage Link - relies on notion of perfect natural rain forest.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\par
Environmental Collapse/Rainforest Link - Destroys Real of Nature through continual duplication.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
Community solves environmental destruction link - renders both merely simulacrum by conflating them as signifiers.\par
\par
Robert \ul\b Bartram and \ulnone\b0 Sarah \ul\b Shobrook\ulnone\b0 , degrees from U of Calgary and U of toronto in environmental sciences, PhD Geography and Resource Development officer,\ul\b  99\ulnone\b0 , Endless/End-less Natures: Environmental Futures at the Fin De Millenium, Giglio\par
\par
\f0\par
\pard\sb100\sa100\par
TErrorism\par
\par
1nc Link - \par
The war on terror is an inherently self-destructive phenomenon which attempts to rescue the ghost of American Hegemony from its coffin. Regardless of how effecient the affirmative perfects its functioning it still ignores the underlying fantasy of resistance and terrorism which is manifested in every fantasy of order and power.\par
\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Morality Link and alt. - Good necessarily defines and sustains evil - ethical imperatives are not pure insofar as they create the possibility for their opposite. The only true ethical act is a full embrace of evil.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Islam/Source of Terrorism Link - \par
There is no source of terrorism because it is an inevitable symbolic product of terrorism.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
We kill terrorists link - \par
Affirmative's fantasy of a death free war against terrorism precisely illustrates our inherent vulnerability - our ascetic exclusion of death. They have effectively transformed their Death into a tool of subversion meaning the more we kill the more they have won.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
AT: Realism\par
The dominant geopolitical order has been coopted by terrorists and is being used against us.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Sleeper Cell/TIPS Link\par
Fear of sleeper cells results in internalized terrorism as we constantly spy on our neighbors.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
The combination of their use of death and weaponry means we can never win the war on terror.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Calc Thought Link\par
Attempting to infuse calculative effeciency within the war on terror fails to incorporate an analysis of the symbolic power of terrorism rendering it worthless.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Suiciding Bombs Link\par
Aff ignores symbolic effect of suicide.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
Nuclear and Chemical Terror Link - \par
Focusing on the power of terrorists to inflict death forecloses our ability to analyze the true power of humilitation instilled by terrorism.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
\par
Terrorism Representations Link - \par
Representations of terrorist catastrophe creates a spectacle of violence which locks us into a singular insecapable mode of shock-and-awe response destroying an effective response and replicating psychological terror.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Terrorists -> X Link (Economy collapse, environmental collapse etc.)\par
Blaming terrorists for everything means they've won because they are believed to cause all instability.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
Alt - Give up - allowing the war on terror to collapse upon itself is the only effective response.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  02\ulnone\b0 , \ul The Spirit of Terrorism\ulnone  P.______ Giglio\par
\par
\par
IR Link\par
Geopolitical strategy and predictions are so self-referential and regurgitating that warfare no longer takes place on any real level but is almost purely confined to the realm of simulation.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Aff - DADT relies upon static notions of universal knowledge - plan would challenge that by recognizing the relationship between simulation and reality.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Translators Link \par
The idea of a linguist or translator relies upon the exchangability of language - it relies upon a conception of language as directly representational of reality.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Representations Link\par
The affirmative's attempt to shed light on \ul (Insert 1ac Harms)\ulnone  objectifies them to death, confining them to a glass coffin of analysis.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Inclusion/respect for difference Link\par
Attempting to destroy discrimination against difference through respect fails because it locks the other into a simulated fantasy of their identity.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Fiction Link\par
Attempting to respect the reality of a situation through a fictional representation of it renders both artificial.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Memory/History Link\par
The affirmative's attempt to illuminate the historical context in which _______ Operates is necessarily hegemonic insofar as it is only capable of remembering it from a narcissistic western perspective.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
\par
Natives Link \par
Their attempt to undo the injustice we have committed against Native Americans simply whitewashes the past by cleansing our moral conscience of genocide.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
AT: Rorty/Krishna/Alt Destroys Politics\par
Their model of politics is ineffective insofar as it unifies the desire of politics subjects.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
Resistance Link - \par
Resistance to power only allows it to fake its own death, returning far more formidable.\par
Jean \ul\b Baudrillard\ulnone\b0 , Professor of Sociology @ University of Nanterre Paris,\ul\b  81\ulnone\b0 , \ul Simulacra and Simulations\ulnone  P._____ Giglio\par
\par
\par
\par
\par
\f3\fs20\par
}
 